Share button (#4651)
gradio-app/gradio: CHANGELOG.md

- Spaces Duplication built into Gradio, by [@aliabid94](https://github.com/aliabid94) in [PR 4458](https://github.com/gradio-app/gradio/pull/4458)
- The `api_name` parameter now accepts `False` as a value, which means it does not show up in named or unnamed endpoints. By [@abidlabs](https://github.com/aliabid94) in [PR 4683](https://github.com/gradio-app/gradio/pull/4683)
- Added support for `pathlib.Path` in `gr.Video`, `gr.Gallery`, and `gr.Chatbot` by [sunilkumardash9](https://github.com/sunilkumardash9) in [PR 4581](https://github.com/gradio-app/gradio/pull/4581).

> - Spaces sharing built into Gradio, by [@aliabid94](https://github.com/aliabid94) in [PR 4651](https://github.com/gradio-app/gradio/pull/4651)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `gr.Video`, `gr.Audio`, `gr.Image`, and `gr.Gallery` components now include a share icon when deployed on Spaces. This behavior can be modified by setting the `shareable` parameter in the component classes. by [@aliabid94](https://github.com/aliabid94) in [PR 4651](https://github.com/gradio-app/gradio/pull/4651)
```

Reviewer: Can you include a screenshot here? This is a major UI change
